♪ ♪
>> Chris: THIS WEEK, HOUSE
DEMOCRATS STRUGGLED OVER HOW TO
DEAL WITH COMMENTS ABOUT SUPPORT
FOR ISRAEL MADE BY CONGRESSWOMAN
ILHAN OMAR.
THE CONTROVERSY TESTED DEMOCRATS
UNITY AND EXPOSED DIVISIONS
BETWEEN THE PARTY'S OLDER AND
YOUNGER LAWMAKERS.
JOINING US NOW, CALIFORNIA
CONGRESSWOMAN KATIE HILL, A
FRESHMAN LIAISON TO HOUSE
DEMOCRATIC LEADERS.
CONGRESSWOMAN, WELCOME TO
"FOX NEWS SUNDAY."
>> Representative Hill: THANKS
FOR HAVING ME, I'M EXCITED TO BE
HERE.
>> Chris: THANK YOU.
HOUSE DEMOCRATS AS I SAY SPENT
MUCH OF LAST WEEK ARGUING ABOUT
OMAR'S COMMENTS ABOUT WHY PEOPLE
SUPPORT ISRAEL AND FINALLY
PASSING A RESOLUTION CONDEMNING
NOT ONLY ANTI-SEMITISM BUT ALL
FORMS OF HATE AND HERE WAS
PRESIDENT TRUMP'S REACTION.
>> I THOUGHT YESTERDAY'S VOTE BY
THE HOUSE WAS DISGRACEFUL.
BECAUSE IT'S BECOME THE
DEMOCRATS HAVE BECOME AN
ANTI-ISRAEL PARTY.
THEY'VE BECOME AN ANTI-JEWISH
PARTY.
>> Chris: DOES THE PRESIDENT
HAVE A POINT HERE GIVEN THE FACT
THAT THE WHOLE DEBATE WAS ABOUT
OMAR'S COMMENTS THAT SEEMED TO
QUESTION WHY SOME AMERICANS
SUPPORT ISRAEL AND WAS VIEWED BY
SOME OF YOUR COLLEAGUES IS
ANTI-SEMITIC AND GET THE
RESOLUTION THAT WAS FINALLY
PASSED DOESN'T EVEN MENTION HER?
>> Representative Hill: I
DON'T THINK THERE'S ANY VALIDITY
TO WHAT HE'S SAYING.
A FIRST OF ALL, IT WAS A
COMPLETELY BIPARTISAN
RESOLUTION.
ALL BUT 23 MEMBERS OF CONGRESS,
THE 23 THAT VOTED AGAINST IT
WERE ALL REPUBLICAN.
IT WAS COMPLETELY SUPPORTED.
SO IT WAS SOMETHING THAT IF
YOU'RE GOING TO CALL OUT
SOMETHING THAT IS BIGOTED,
WHETHER ANTI-SEMITIC OR ANYTHING
ELSE, THEN WE SHOULD SAY THAT
ALL OF THIS IS UNACCEPTABLE AND
THAT'S WHAT WE DID.
THAT WAS REALLY WHAT THE DEBATE
WAS ABOUT.
WE ARE GOING TO CONDEMN ONE SORT
OF BEHAVIOR, THEN WHY SHOULD WE
ISOLATED TO ONE GROUP, WE SHOULD
CONDEMN ALL FORMS.
>> Chris: YOU SAY -- AND I
SHOULD SAY THAT YOU COME FROM A
PURPLE DISTRICT IN CALIFORNIA
AND FOR 40 OF THE LAST 50 YEARS
HAS BEEN REPRESENTED BY
REPUBLICANS SO THIS IS A VERY
SWING DISTRICT.
IF YOU SAY THAT CAME TO
WASHINGTON NOT TO ENGAGE IN
PARTISAN BICKERING BUT TO GET
THINGS DONE.
BUT I WANT TO LOOK BRIEFLY AND
WE WILL MOVE ON AT CONGRESSWOMAN
OMAR AND THE DEGREE TO WHICH SHE
HAS DISTRACTED DEMOCRATS.
FIRST, SHE SAID THIS ABOUT
CONGRESSIONAL SUPPORT FOR
ISRAEL.
"IT'S ALL ABOUT THE BENJAMIN'S,
BABY.
AND SHE LATER QUESTIONED WHY IT
IS OKAY FOR PEOPLE TO PUSH FOR
ALLEGIANCE TO A FOREIGN COUNTRY.
NOW SHE'S GONE AFTER
BARACK OBAMA SAYING
PRESIDENT TRUMP'S POLICIES ARE
BAD BUT MANY OF THE PEOPLE WHO
CAME BEFORE HIM ALSO HAD REALLY
BAD POLICIES, THEY WERE JUST
MORE POLISHED THAN HE WAS.
I KNOW THAT DEMOCRATS HAVE
PASSED SOME BILLS IN THE TIME
YOU'VE BEEN HERE, YOU PASSED A
MAJOR ELECTION REFORM BILL THIS
WEEK.
LAST WEEK YOU PASSED A
GUN-CONTROL BILL BUT YOU GOT TO
ADMIT THAT YOUR SPENDING, IT'S
NOT JUST THE MEDIA, YOU GUYS ARE
SPENDING A LOT OF TIME HAVING TO
DEAL WITH CONGRESSWOMAN OMAR AND
RASHIDA TO LEAVE ANNA BECAUSE
EYAL CORTEZ?
>> Representative Hill: I
THINK WE REALLY WANT TO FOCUS ON
OUR AGENDA.
AS I WAS GOING.
IT'S 435 PEOPLE WHO ARE REALLY
THEIR OWN BOSS.
THEY ARE ABLE TO SAY WHATEVER
THEY WANT IN THE WORLD OF
SOCIAL MEDIA, IT'S SOMETHING
WHERE YOU CAN'T CONTROL PEOPLE'S
SPEECH.
EACH PERSON HAS THEIR OWN
PRIORITIES AND THEIR OWN
OPINIONS AND WE HAVE ELECTED A
LOT OF STRONG WILLED AND VERY
OPINIONATED PEOPLE SO I THINK
WHAT WE HAVE TO FIGURE OUT HOW
TO DO IS TO SAY OKAY, THIS ISN'T
THE VIEWS OF EVERYBODY IN
CONGRESS, THESE ARE NOT THE
PRIORITIES OF THE ENTIRE CAUCUS,
BUT HOW DO WE MAINTAIN FOCUS ON
OUR AGENDA AS A WHOLE?
AND DEMONSTRATE THAT THIS IS NOT
INDICATIVE OF WHAT OUR AGENDA IS
COMPLETELY.
>> Chris: ALL RIGHT, YOU ARE A
VICE CHAIR OF THE HOUSE
OVERSIGHT COMMITTEE AND HERE'S
WHAT THE CHAIRMAN ELIJAH
CUMMINGS SET AT THE START OF THE
COHEN HEARING THE WEEK BEFORE
LAST.
>> I SAID TO MR. COHEN THAT IF
HE CAME IN HERE AND LIED I WOULD
NAIL HIM TO THE CROSS.
DIDN'T I?
DIDN'T I TELL YOU LIKE YOU
>> YES YOU DO, MORE THAN ONCE.
>> Chris: IN THAT HEARING
MICHAEL COHEN MADE THIS
CATEGORICAL STATEMENT.
>> I HAVE NEVER ASKED FOR NOR
WHAT I ACCEPT A PARDON FROM
PRESIDENT TRUMP.
>> Chris: BUT NOW COHEN'S
LAWYER LANNY DAVIS SAYS THIS.
HE, COHEN DIRECTOR'S ATTORNEY,
HIS PRIOR ATTORNEY TO EXPLORE
POSSIBILITIES OF A PARDON AT ONE
POSSIBILITIES OF A PARDON AT ONP
POSSIBILITIES OF A PARDON AT ONI
POSSIBILITIES OF A PARDON AT ONT
POSSIBILITIES OF A PARDON AT ONW
POSSIBILITIES OF A PARDON AT ONR
POSSIBILITIES OF A PARDON AT ONA
POSSIBILITIES OF A PARDON AT ONY
POSSIBILITIES OF A PARDON AT ONR
POSSIBILITIES OF A PARDON AT OND
POSSIBILITIES OF A PARDON AT ONY
GIULIANI AS WELL AS OTHER
LAWYERS ADVISING PRESIDENT TRUM
PRESIDENT TRUMP.
QUESTION, DID MICHAEL COHEN LIE
TO YOUR COMMITTEE AND DO YOU
SUPPORT REFERRING COHEN TO THE
JUSTICE DEPARTMENT FOR
COMMITTING PERJURY?
>> Representative Hill: I
DON'T KNOW IF HE LIED OR NOT.
I THINK THAT THIS IS CHAIRMAN
CUMMINGS IS INCREDIBLY
DELIVERED.
I KNOW THAT HE IS REVIEWING THE
ENTIRE TESTIMONY, ALL THE
TRANSCRIPTS WITH MR. JORDAN, WHO
WAS ALSO GOING TO MAKE SURE THAT
WE GET TO THE BOTTOM OF THIS TO
WHATEVER EXTENT POSSIBLE.
>> Chris: HOW CAN YOU SAY
YOU'RE NOT SURE WHETHER HE LIED?
HE  HE SAID I NEVER ASKED FOR A
PARDON AND HIS LAWYER SAYS HE
DIRECTED HIS LAWYER TO TALK
ABOUT A PARDON.
>> Representative Hill: AGAIN,
I DON'T KNOW HOW THAT WENT DOWN
EXACTLY.
I DON'T KNOW IF LANNY DAVIS
HEARD SOMETHING.
PROBABLY I WOULD IMAGINE THAT IN
THE PANIC THAT WAS GOING ON WHEN
YOU'RE ABOUT TO GO DOWN THAT
YOU'RE GOING TO SAY THAT, LET'S
FIGURE OUT WHATEVER YOU CAN DO.
SO PROBABLY -- AND I IMAGINE
THAT CHAIRMAN CUMMINGS WILL END
UP REFERRING HIM.
THAT'S JUST MY GUESS.
WHEN HE SAYS -- ONE CHAIRMAN,
CHAIRMAN CUMMINGS IS SOMETHING
LIKE I'M GOING TO NAIL YOU TO
THE CROSS, HE MEANS IT.
I'VE SEEN HIM IN ACTION AND HE'S
NOT GOING TO LET THIS GO.
>> Chris: THE HOUSE JUDICIARY
COMMITTEE, NOT YOUR COMMITTEE,
THE JUDICIARY COMMITTEE SENT
DOCUMENTS LAST WEEK, DOCUMENT
REQUESTS LAST WEEK 281 PEOPLE
AND ENTITIES ASKING FOR
INFORMATION ABOUT EVERYTHING
FROM HUSH MONEY PAYMENTS TO
POTENTIAL INSURANCE FRAUD.
AS SOMEONE WHO SAYS THAT YOU
DIDN'T COME TO WASHINGTON FOR
PARTISAN BICKERING, AS I JUST
POINTED OUT, ONE, IS THIS A
FISHING EXPEDITION WHEN YOU'RE
SENDING THE INFORMATION ON ALL
THESE THINGS 281 DIFFERENT
PEOPLE AND ENTITIES AND AGAIN,
ARE YOU ALMOST ENSURING THAT THE
NEXT YEAR, TWO YEARS ARE GOING
TO BE INVOLVED WITH THESE
HEARINGS THAT DON'T ACTUALLY --
I UNDERSTAND OVERSIGHT BUT THAT
DON'T GET THINGS DONE FOR THE
AMERICAN PEOPLE?
>> Representative Hill: I
THINK IT WE ARE CAPABLE OF
WORKING ON MANY THINGS AT ONCE.
THE ISSUE IS THAT FOR TWO YEARS
CONGRESS DIDN'T PERFORM
OVERSIGHT OF THE EXECUTIVE
BRANCH.
WE ARE CONSTITUTIONALLY MANDATED
TO DO SO, SO THE REPUBLICANS
WHILE THEY WERE IN CHARGE SIMPLY
JUST DIDN'T DO IT DESPITE THE
FACT THAT WE SAW SO MANY RED
FLAGS OF DIFFERENT DIFFERENT
CRIMES THAT COULD HAVE BEEN
COMMITTED, ISSUES WE NEEDED TO
BE PROVIDING OVERSIGHT ON AND
THEY JUST SIMPLY PUSHED IT UNDER
THE RUG, THEY DIDN'T DO ANY KIND
OF INVESTIGATIONS WERE UNDER THE
OBAMA ADMINISTRATION JUST FOR
THE IRS INVESTIGATION,
1.3 MILLION DOCUMENTS WERE
PROVIDED.
1.3 MILLION AND THAT WAS UNDER
REPUBLICAN REQUEST IN THE
WHITE HOUSE, THEY COOPERATED.
SO I THINK IT'S REALLY
DISINGENUOUS TO SAY 81 WERE
REQUESTED AND THIS IS SOME BIG
DEAL.
THIS IS TOTAL PARTISANSHIP.
IT'S JUST NOT TRUE.
WE HAVE TO MAKE UP FOR TWO YEARS
OF A LACK OF INVESTIGATION AND A
LACK OF OVERSIGHT.
>> Chris: AS YOU SIT HERE
RIGHT NOW, DO YOU FEEL THAT YOU
HAVE SEEN HARD EVIDENCE THAT
DONALD TRUMP EITHER IN THE
CAMPAIGN OR AS PRESIDENT
COMMITTED A CRIME AND IF SO, A
CRIME THAT RISES TO THE LEVEL OF
HIGH CRIMES AND MISDEMEANORS FOR
IMPEACHMENT?
>> Representative Hill: I
BELIEVE THAT I HAVE SEEN ENOUGH
IT MAKES ME FEEL LIKE WE NEED TO
CONTINUE DOWN THIS PATH.
I DON'T FEEL LIKE THERE IS
ENOUGH -- I FEEL LIKE
IMPEACHMENT IS AS MUCH OF A
POLITICAL PROCESS AS IT IS
ANYTHING ELSE.
AND I THINK THAT WE HAVE TO MAKE
SURE THAT WE ARE PROVIDING ALL
OF THE INFORMATION, AIRING IT
ALL OUT SO THAT THE PUBLIC CAN
FEEL WITH AS MUCH CERTAINTY AS
MEMBERS OF CONGRESS THAT THAT'S
THE CASE AND THAT WE NEED TO
CONTINUE DOWN THIS PATH.
SO I REALLY THINK THAT THIS IS
ABOUT GETTING TO THE TRUTH,
ABOUT SHOWING IT TO THE AMERICAN
PEOPLE AND THEN WE GO FROM
THERE.
BUT AT THE END OF THE DAY IF
PEOPLE, THE CITIZENS OF THE
UNITED STATES, DON'T BELIEVE
THAT IT HAS RISEN TO THAT LEVEL,
THEN WE CAN GO ANYWHERE.
SO REALLY IT'S ABOUT EXPOSING
THE TRUTH AND IT'S ABOUT GETTING
TO THE BOTTOM OF THIS AND IT'S
ABOUT ASKING THE QUESTIONS OF IS
THIS THE KIND OF GOVERNMENT, IS
THIS THE KIND OF LEADERSHIP THAT
WE WANT TO SEE?
IS THIS OKAY?
IS THIS THE KIND OF STATE THAT
WE WANT TO LEAVE OUR DEMOCRACY
AND TO OUR CHILDREN?
AND RIGHT NOW I JUST DON'T
BELIEVE THAT IT IS, THAT'S WHY
YOU RAN FOR CONGRESS.
THAT'S WHY SO MANY OF MY
COLLEAGUES RAN FOR CONGRESS AND
I FRANKLY THINK THAT'S WHY WE
WERE ELECTED.
>> Chris: FINALLY, I GOT ABOUT
A MINUTE LEFT.
IN CASE YOU HAVEN'T NOTICED, YOU
ARE ON FOX NEWS.
>> Representative Hill: I AM.
>> Chris: AS YOU WELL KNOW,
THIS WEEK THE DNC CHAIR TOM
PEREZ ANNOUNCED THAT THEY ARE
NOT GOING TO GIVE ANY OF THE 12
SCHEDULED DEMOCRATIC PRIMARY
DEBATES OVER THE NEXT YEAR TO
FOX NEWS.
WHAT DO YOU THINK OF THAT
DECISION?
>> Representative Hill: I
THINK IF THE DEMOCRATIC PRIMARY
AND I THINK THAT WE KNOW THAT
THERE ARE BASICALLY NO DEMOCRATS
WHO WATCH FOX NEWS SO TO ME
THAT'S PRETTY FAIR.
>> Chris: IS NOT TRUE,
ACTUALLY.
THERE ARE A LOT OF DEMOCRATS
THAT WATCH FOX NEWS A LOT OF
INDEPENDENTS.
>> Representative Hill: MOSTLY
IT'S BECOME MORE AND MORE
PARTISAN AND THAT'S UNFORTUNATE.
I'M HERE BECAUSE I DO REPRESENT
A PURPLE DISTRICT AND IS TURNING
OUT THAT MORE AND MORE OF MY
CLOTHES ARE PURPLE, I DON'T KNOW
WHAT HAPPENED WHAT'S HAPPENING
WITH THAT BUT I THINK THAT THERE
IS NOT A FEELING RIGHT NOW THAT
THERE'S A LACK OF BIAS AND I'M
HOPING THAT WE CAN CHANGE THAT.
I FEEL LIKE YOU'RE TREATING ME
WITHOUT BIAS AND I APPRECIATE
THAT.
AND I THINK THAT THIS IS
SOMETHING THAT WE HAVE TO
CHANGE.
I PERSONALLY DON'T THINK IT
HELPS WHEN WE'RE SAYING WE'RE
NOT GOING TO HAVE ANY OF THE
DEBATES ON FOX NEWS.
I DON'T KNOW HOW MUCH OF THAT
WAS DRIVEN BY THE CANDIDATES,
HOW MUCH OF IT WAS DRIVEN BY THE
PARTY.
I WOULD LIKE TO SEE ALL OF THAT
CHANGE.
I WANT TO SEE THE MEDIA BECOME
AS UNBIASED AS POSSIBLE.
BUT I DON'T KNOW THAT WE ARE IN
THAT STATE RIGHT NOW WHICH IS
REALLY UNFORTUNATE.
>> Chris: CONGRESSWOMAN HILL,
THANK YOU.